`QGISPrint` (component)
=======================

A print component which is dependent on artefacts generated by QGIS Web Application Builder.

```javascript
var printLayouts = [{
  name: 'Layout 1',
  thumbnail: 'layout1_thumbnail.png',
  width: 420.0,
  elements: [{
    name: 'Title',
    height: 40.825440467359044,
    width: 51.98353115727002,
    y: 39.25222551928783,
    x: 221.77507418397624,
    font: 'Helvetica',
    type: 'label',
    id: '24160ce7-34a3-4f25-a077-8910e4889681',
    size: 18
  }, {
    height: 167.0,
    width: 171.0,
    grid: {
      intervalX: 0.0,
      intervalY: 0.0,
      annotationEnabled: false,
      crs: ''
    },
    y: 19.0,
    x: 16.0,
    type: 'map',
    id: '3d532cb9-0eca-4e50-9f0a-ce29b1c7f5a6'
  }],
  height: 297.0
}];
```

```xml
<QGISPrint map={map} layouts={printLayouts} />
```

Properties
----------

### `className`

Css class name to apply on the root element of this component.

type: `string`


### `intl`

i18n message strings. Provided through the application through context.

type: `custom`


### `layouts` (required)

An array of print layouts. Each layout is an object with keys such as: name (string, required),
thumbnail (string, required), width (number, required), height (number, required) and an array of elements.
Elements are objects with keys such as name (string, optional), type (enum('map', 'label', legend'), optional),
height (number, required), width (number, required), x (number, required), y (number, required), font (string),
id (string, required), size (number), grid (object with intervalX, intervalY, annotationEnabled and crs keys).

type: `arrayOf shape`


### `map` (required)

The ol3 map to use for printing.

type: `instanceOf ol.Map`


### `resolutions`

A list of resolutions from which the user can choose from. Please note that artefacts for all resolutions need to get pre-generated by QGIS.

type: `array`
defaultValue: `[72, 150, 300]`


### `style`

Style config object for IconMenu.

type: `object`


### `thumbnailPath`

The relative path where thumbnails of the print layouts can be found. Thumbnails are also generated by QGIS.

type: `string`
defaultValue: `'../../resources/print/'`

